Splooge Reverb (#1)
wgd-modular/loewenzahnhonig-firmware: splooge-reverb/README.md

# Splooge Reverb

> Stereo Reverb for the WgdModular lowenzahnhonig Daisy Seed Eurorack module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stereo Reverb for the wgd modular löwenzahnhonig Daisy Seed Eurorack module.

```

This effect works best if InL is normalled to InR in hardware. 

## Author

Nik Ansell (gamecat69)

### Version History:
0.1		Nik Ansell		Initial plaything
0.2		Nik Ansell		Added Splooge on Pot4/Cv2 + HPF on Wet Tone control (Pot3/Cv1)

## Description

### Controls:

> Pot1 : Reverb Feedback
> Pot2 : Dry/Wet
> Pot3 : Wet Tone
> Pot4 : Splooge. Similar to a spring reverb with delay at low settings and high-feedback shimmer effect at high settings when tone is also high.
> Cv1  : Wet Tone (summed with Pot3)
> Cv2  : Splooge (summed with Pot4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Control | Function        |
|---------|-----------------|
| P1      | Reverb Feedback     |
| P2      | Dry/Wet      |
| P3      | Wet Tone        |
| P4      | Splooge. Similar to a spring reverb with delay at low settings and high-feedback shimmer effect at high settings when tone is also high.  |
| CV1     | Wet Tone CV     |
| CV2     | Splooge CV |
```
